https://codepen.io/wildcard329/pen/KKwwarz?editors=1100

Questions:
<!-- reveiw questions to Submit in today's file firt-lastname.txt --> 
<!--
Copy the questions below into the firt-lastname.txt file on your github repo - answer each question and then push your changes. 

    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
      Semantic HTML is HTML that conforms to the W3C standards of programming for readability purposes.
    2. What is HTML used for? 
      HTML is used to put content on webpages.
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it?
      An attribute provides information about elements on the page. Any element may have an attribute, 
      which goes in the element's opening tags.
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
      An h1 tag is the largest size for a heading tag. It signifies greatest importance and should only be
      used once.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
      Images and links require attributes.
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document?
      Title and links to other pages, such as HTML and Javascript.
    7. What is an id? 
      An id is a selector which can single out an element.
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
      Header tags, sections, paragraphs, divs, etc.
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page?
      None, id's can only be used once.
    10. What is a class? 
      Class is a selector which grabs multiple elements which share a class type.
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
      Same elements as id's.
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page?
      Indefinitely.
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
      Use the target="_blank" attribute
    14. What is the alt attribute used for?
      Alternate text.
    15. How do I reference an id?
      With a "#".
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
      Section tags imply grouping of elements. Divs don't hold any meaning other than for separation and       adding classes.
    17. What is CSS used for? 
      CSS is used to organize HTML for presentability.
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
      With an element selector, such as h2.
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
      Classes group elements together, id's call on elements individually.
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
      With a dot. 
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
      Use "p, .human".
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
      This selector grabs elements related to classes until a more specific class is called on.
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
      Use "div, .sidebar".
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
      Pseudo selectors select elements based on attributes.
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
      Line-height property.
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
      Letter-spacing property.
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
      Uppercase, lowercase, and capitalize.
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
      div {
          border: 1px dotted black;
      }
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
      Use the wildcard selector.
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
      Use "//" before a line of comment, < !-- between multiple lines --- >, or /* between 
      multiple lines */.
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
      Use the "pwd" command.
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
      Use the "ls" command.
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
      Use the "rm" command. Deleting a file this way will cause irreversible deletion.
    34. Why should I use version control? 
      Use version control in order to review or revert to changes made over time.
    35. How often should I commit to github?
      Every time changes are made.
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
      Use  the "git push" command.
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
      Start by forking a repo, then under settings add your TL as a collaborator, clone the repo,
      on the desktop open the terminal, create a branch with the command "git checkout -b "firstname
      -lastname", submit PR onto the new branch using self as base and TL as reviewer, then TL will 
      count assignment as completed by merging it onto the master fork.

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
      Inline elements select part of a block, block elements are used to select an entire block
      and may cause confusion if they target an element that is inline.
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
      It will position relative to its nearest positioned ancestor. If none are present it will have
      no effect.
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width?
      Use the box model.
    4. Name 3 elements that are display block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
      <div>, <section>, and <footer> display block by default, <span> and <header> display inline by            default, and <input> is inline-block by default.
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the fix for the box model? 
       The box model organizes sections of the webpage according to need for size. 
       To fix the box model use the "box-sizing: border-box" parameter.